1. GDPR requires that you specify exactly what you intend to do with each data point.
each data point that you’re gathering from your users (Name, location, timestamp).
Writing to a user, justify why each data point is needed in an imaginary final version of your application:
what eventual functionality might use the data?

To create a functioning maps, we need to collect information around name, location, and
time stamp for multiple reasons. Eventually, this data will be used to allow a user
to use the maps to either track their own location, a friend's location, or make sure
they are on the right path to the final destination that they mapped on our maps. Here,
collecting a name is really important so we don't mix up a user with other users,
and give them unnecessary data, or expose the location of another user who
might not want their location known. The location is very important to collect as well
to know where a user is on the map to provide the necessary information the user
needs, either to know where they are or where they're going. Finally, the time stamp is
super important, since a user can move around, so non time stamped data
wouldn't be particularly helpful if a user is walking around, not knowing where they are,
and our maps can't tell if their location is current or from 5 minutes ago.








2. Consider a more complex application that you’ve interacted with before (Facebook, Steam, MyAnimeList)
why might it be difficult to delete all of the data on a user? Consider factors unique to the application
you've chosen; specifically those other than volume or size of data.

Some of the difficulties that we might encounter when deleting all the data on a user in more complex
application is that the volume of that specific person's data may be linked to other peoples information. For
example if a person were to delete their Facebook account, then all their friends need have that persons
information removed from their friend list as well. Posts that were made by the person would have to be
deleted and the comments below it so it may be hard to completely remove all the persons data from this platform.
For most large platforms they have user data stored in multiple places so that persons data would have to
be removed from all those places which could prove to be difficult in case a place is missed.